Welcome to lesson 02 of AB testing.
In this lesson, we'll walk through
the details of setting up, executing and
analyzing a randomized
design experiment.
Remember from the previous lesson,
randomized design is a technique where
the treatment and control units
are selected completely randomly.
This technique is used primarily in
situations where there's very little
opportunity to control variables,
and where the volume and
velocity of data is high enough
that you're not worried about bias.
Throughout this lesson, we'll walk
through the following experiment.
Imagine that you're an analyst for
a large grocery chain, one of the
company's main goals is to drive more
customers to download their mobile app,
and register for their loyalty program.
One way of driving customers
to download the app,
is via a link on the company website.
Page viewing statistics show that only
10% of people who visit the main page
are clicking through to visit
the page that describes the app, and
loyalty program.
Your manager has asked you to set up
an experiment to test whether changing
the button of the page link to a picture
would improve the click through rates of
visitors who visit the page that
describe the app and loyal to program.